add information about new errors for revoke commands in the additions/removals section (#1170)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

MATCH (n)-[r:REL]->(m) SET n = properties(r)
----

a|
label:functionality[]
label:removed[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----

> REVOKE READ {*} ON GRAPH * NODES A FROM regularUser
> REVOKE ROLE regularUser FROM bob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REVOKE READ {*} ON GRAPH * NODES A FROM missingUser
REVOKE ROLE missingRole FROM bob
```
maybe? feels clearer what it is (and doesn't revoke a role named user :P)

----
a|

> Notifications for impossible `REVOKE` commands, where a user, a role, or a database does not exist, have been replaced with errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Errors have replaced notifications for impossible link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/authentication-authorization/manage-roles/#access-control-revoke-roles[`REVOKE`] commands where a user, role, or database does not exist.
```

* `startTime` and `currentQueryStartTime` now return a `ZONED DATETIME` instead of a `STRING` representation of a temporal value.
* `clientAddress` and `outerTransactionId` now return `null` instead of an empty `STRING` when unavailable.
* The current query-related columns — `currentQuery`, `currentQueryId`, `parameters`, `planner`, `runtime`, `indexes`, `currentQueryStartTime`, `currentQueryElapsedTime`, `currentQueryCpuTime`, `currentQueryIdleTime`, and `currentQueryStatus` — now return `null` when no query is executing.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
REVOKE READ {*} ON GRAPH * NODES A FROM regularUser
REVOKE ROLE regularUser FROM bob
----
a|

> Notifications for impossible `REVOKE` commands, where a user, a role, or a database does not exist, have been replaced with errors.

Reviewer: I feel like maybe it should be under `removed features` instead of `updated features`, we did remove the ability to not get an error...

Author: hmm, maybe. Feels more like a change than an removal (since we are changing the notification into an error). But I don't have a strong opinion 🤷

Reviewer: Had we not had a notification before this would absolutely be a case of removed capabilities -> introducing an error, so I think I'd go with that here as well 🤔 errors are not really part of the features capabilities but rather things it can't do (and the updates section is usually for additional capabilities, not restricting it I think)

But we could see if the docs team has any other view on things
